=head1 NAME

App::Ack::Intro - An introduction to ack

=head1 WHAT ACK CAN DO

Ack is a powerful alternative to grep for programmers.  It's made
to make a programmer's life easier by optimizing common tasks that
programmers face every day.

=head1 THE PHILOSOPHY OF ACK

=head1 CONTROL WHAT YOU SEARCH FOR

=head2 Search without regard to case with C<-i>

=head2 Do smart case searching with C<--smartcase>

=head2 Match only whole words with C<-w>

Ack can easily be restricted so it only matches whole words, not portions
of words, by adding either C<-w> or C<--word-regexp>.  For example,

   ack --w skip

will match lines that have the word "skip" by itself, but will not
match strings like "skipping" or "skipped".

=head1 CONTROL WHERE YOU SEARCH

=head2 Automatically search entire directory trees

=head2 Automatically ignore VCS directories

=head2 Limit by language with C<--perl>, C<--html>, C<--sql> etc

=head2 Exclude languages with C<--noperl>, C<--nohtml>, C<--nosql> etc

=head2 Ignore directories from search C<--ignore-dir>

Ack automatically ignores directories having to do with version
control systems, but sometimes you just want to exclude a directory
for the duration of one command.  For example, to keep ack from
searching your 'test' directory, use C<--ignore-dir=test/>.

=head1 CONTROL SEARCH RESULTS

=head2 Show only the match with C<-o>

=head2 Show context lines around the match with C<-A>, C<-B> and C<-C>

=head1 COPYRIGHT & LICENSE

Copyright 2005-2010 Andy Lester.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of either:

=over 4

=item * the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation; either version 1, or (at your option) any later
version, or

=item * the "Artistic License" which comes with Perl 5.

=back

=cut

=for scraps

Off the topic of my head:

1. -h (--no-filename) , -l (only filenames) etc. Also exist in GNU grep, but 
they are still useful.

2. I have this in my .ackrc:

Add Website Meta Language files to .html.
--type-add=html=.wml

# Add CMake files
--type-set=cmake=.txt,.cmake

[/quote]

Other stuff can be added.

3. -i for case insensitive searches.

5. ack -f for displaying a list of files in the current directory that are not 
temporary/version-control-related/etc.

6. -a for showing all files.

7. Sometimes I use --nofollow (especially as root).

8. --print0 is useful with xargs (though I haven't used it a lot yet).

=cut
